SDK V3.X/ConsoleApp/Detect UCaaS connection/README.md, before:

![Rainbow](./../../../logo_rainbow.png)

# Rainbow CSharp SDK v3 - Detect UCaaS Connection

This console application permits to understand how to use the package [Rainbow.CSharp.SDK](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Rainbow.CSharp.SDK).

Documentation is available [here](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/guides/001_getting_started)

## Prerequisites

### Rainbow API HUB

This SDK is using the [Rainbow environment](https://developers.openrainbow.com/)
 
This environment is based on the [Rainbow service](https://www.openrainbow.com/) 

### Rainbow CSharp SDK

To have more info about the SDK:
- check [Getting started guide](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/guides/001_getting_started)
- check [API documentation](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/api/Rainbow.Application)

## Features

Using an admin account and one or several standard users, it possible to know:
- If one this standard user is connected (or not) to Rainbow using a standard Rainbow application (a UCaaS application)
- Using the admin account, it's also possibe to know if one on this standard user is using a Hub Device and if this device is connected or not

## File exeSettings.json

You need to set correctly the file "exeSettings.json" like described in chapter [File exeSettings.json](./../../ConfigurationFiles.md#exeSettings.json) - no need here to use external dependencies.

## File credentials.json

You need to set correctly the file "credentials.json" like described in chapter [File credentials.json](./../../ConfigurationFiles.md#credentials.json).

Commit message:

[SDK V3.X] Common, Common.SDL2: update dependencies. ConsoleApp: Update"Detect UCaaS connection" and "WebRTC" Add "Global Presence Level" and "Hub Device Status"

SDK V3.X/ConsoleApp/Detect UCaaS connection/README.md, after:

![Rainbow](./../../../logo_rainbow.png)

# Rainbow CSharp SDK v3 - Detect UCaaS Connection

This console application permits to understand how to use the package [Rainbow.CSharp.SDK](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Rainbow.CSharp.SDK).

Documentation is available [here](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/guides/001_getting_started)

## Prerequisites

### Rainbow API HUB

This SDK is using the [Rainbow environment](https://developers.openrainbow.com/)
 
This environment is based on the [Rainbow service](https://www.openrainbow.com/) 

### Rainbow CSharp SDK

To have more info about the SDK:
- check [Getting started guide](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/guides/001_getting_started)
- check [API documentation](https://developers.openrainbow.com/doc/sdk/csharp/core/lts/api/Rainbow.Application)

## Features

Using an admin account and one or several standard users, it's possible to know:
- From the admin account:
	- Connection state with the Rainbow server
	- Device states (Hub Telephony contaxt only) of all users in the company: device registered (in service) or not (out of service)
	
- From a standard user:
	- Connection state with the Rainbow server
	- If this user is also connected on Rainbow using another device

## File exeSettings.json

You need to set correctly the file "exeSettings.json" like described in chapter [File exeSettings.json](./../../ConfigurationFiles.md#exeSettings.json) - no need here to use external dependencies.

## File credentials.json

You need to set correctly the file "credentials.json" like described in chapter [File credentials.json](./../../ConfigurationFiles.md#credentials.json).
